Vof v3 (#537)
lethe-cfd/lethe: doc/source/parameters/cfd/volume_of_fluid.rst

          -number of wet cells: 24
          -number of peeled cells: 1

  * Peeling occurs in a cell where those conditions are met:

    * the cell is in the domain of the higher density fluid,
    * the cell pressure value is below the average pressure on the ``monitored fluid`` (``fluid 1`` by default, see ``subsection mass conservation``), and

>     * the pressure gradient is negative for more than half of the quadrature points.

Author: For both these conditions, it is more something that we try on, out of physical sense and reflections. None of the free surface methods I have seen in the literature were general enough and robust enough for us to use on an industrial case, so we came up with this (it's the 3rd version of the peeling/wetting mechanism), and it gives satisfactory results for now

>     * the pressure gradient is negative for more than half of the quadrature points.

Reviewer: I would add a bit of explanation that explains that this is an heuristic. Just to give more context to the user.

    The cell is then filled with the lower density fluid by changing its phase value progressively.

  * Wetting occurs in a cell where those conditions are met: 

    * the cell is in the domain of the lower density fluid,
    * the cell pressure value is above the average pressure on the ``monitored fluid`` (``fluid 1`` by default, see ``subsection mass conservation``), and

>     * the pressure gradient is positive for more than half of the quadrature points.

Author: I do not have a reference, this is something thought and tried by us, to have a more general approach than what we saw in the literature. I hope we will have an article as a reference in the future :)

    The cell is then filled with the higher density fluid by changing its phase value.

    .. tip::
      Even if ``monitoring`` is not enabled, the ``monitored fluid`` will be considered as the fluid of interest for the average pressure calculation in the peeling/wetting mechanism.

    * ``diffusivity``: value of the diffusivity (diffusion coefficient) in the transport equation of the phase fraction. Default value is ``0`` to have pure advection. Increase ``diffusivity`` to :ref:`improve wetting`.

.. warning::

>   As peeling/wetting mechanisms result in fluid creation and removal, is it highly advised to monitor the mass conservation of the fluid of interest (``subsection mass conservation``) and to change the type of sharpening threshold to adaptative (``subsection sharpening``).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  As peeling/wetting mechanisms result in fluid generation and loss, is it highly advised to monitor the mass conservation of the fluid of interest (``subsection mass conservation``) and to change the type of sharpening threshold to adaptative (``subsection sharpening``).
```
